Impartner community pack context fix (#35689)
demisto/content: Packs/Impartner/ReleaseNotes/1_0_1.md

#### Integrations

##### Impartner

> - changed path for context argument "assigned PST engineer"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the context path of *assigned PST engineer* was incorrect in **impartner-get-account-id** command.
```
